I’ll tell you my darkest and whimsical story.
Don’t ever call me your typical Morty.
I answer to nobody, Rick or authority
Smartest of all – sick with my wording cause
When I was born that prick had tried forming me
Into a genius. I wanted more to see.
There was no Jerry – no insecurity.
No Beth or Summer – family quarreling
I excelled – Rick was ashamed.
And left for a Morty without any brains
Cause he never heard me say
“ah geez, Rick please, just stay”
So I created my own.
And placed him under control
My right eye up on the goal.
Did I mention ending Ricks of all dimensions then I get
Their Mortys torture them from night to morning
To disguise my fort on Hideout planet.
And planned to plant the evidence on C-137.
He prevented it – I’ll avenge again as president.
– No it’s not – Rookie Morty.
It’s the Rickest Morty, hiding in the Rickless Mortys.
Never Rick and Morty.
– No it’s not – Rookie Morty.
It’s the Rickest Morty, hiding in the Rickless Mortys.
– it’s Evil Morty.
The Citadel’s problem is the Ricks and Mortys feeding on the Citadel’s death. But I’ve got a message for them, from the Ricks and Mortys keeping it alive. A message from the Ricks and Mortys that believe in this Citadel to the Ricks and Mortys that don’t: You’re outnumbered!
Made my way to the Citadel to prepare
To arrange that day when I sit up there.
Campaigned for a change to win it fair.
And persuade the state but I didn’t care.
Defamed by the fake news as a joke
Juggling Rick don’t know I’ma go
For their throats, when I’m pouring in votes.
The more I coax, then my manager getting cut short.
Tried assassinating my ass.
Cast him out to space with the trash.
Then the shadow council collapsed.
I eradicated this clash.
Now I lace – all my loose ends
Cause the change is soon to begin
No more slaves to Rick’s perception.
Liberate the Mortys and win.
Show you what could happen if you call me Yellow Shirt.
Quellin any TerroRick upset about their work
Cause they never cared a bit for how we let em hurt
Anyone opposing me is perilous and purged
No more partners in curriculum.
Start from dirt, like in the slums
Of Mortytown, for Rickless thugs
Like me, now see what I’ve become!
